{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f4\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Mangal;}{\f5\fnil\fprq0\fcharset128 Mangal;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Default;}
{\s15\sbasedon0\snext16{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb240\sa120\keepn\cf0\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af6\loch\f2\fs28\lang1033 Heading;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext16{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af3\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Text body;}
{\s17\sbasedon16\snext17{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\cf0\kerning1\hich\af5\langfe2052\dbch\af3\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 List;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb120\sa120\cf0\i\kerning1\hich\af5\langfe2052\dbch\af3\ai\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Caption;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af5\langfe2052\dbch\af3\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Index;}
}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment OpenOffice.org}{\vern3410}}\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720

{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1800\margrsxn1800\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\pgdscnxt0 Default;}}
\formshade{\*\pgdscno0}\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1800\margrsxn1800\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pgndec\pard\plain \s0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa86{\ul\ulc0\afs22\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\lang9
Start of a round:}
\par \pard\plain \s0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa86{\afs22\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\lang9
Players are assigned to their starting positions and jobs. The ship starts at the first port of a player-voted amount of ports between 3 and 5. This is their home port, and any supplies requested by the captain or cargo officer can be immediately loaded onto the ship. The ship will also be loaded with cargo for delivery to the next port. The cargo immediately appears in the cargo bay at the home port, cargo at any other port must be manually loaded and unloaded via the cargo elevator.}
\par \pard\plain \s0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa86{\afs22\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\lang9
As soon as the bridge completes the startup sequence, the ship can begin moving to the next port. The speed and direction of the ship are controlled by the bridge console(s). Higher speeds cause a lot of wear on the engines and induce turbulence, but reduce the amount of time spent in the air between ports. If a storm wind is particularly strong, it may be better to quickly exit the storm at medium or high speed despite damage. Dust and hail storms are increasingly harmful at high speeds.}
\par \pard\plain \s0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa86{\afs22\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\lang9
If the ship successfully delivers cargo at the port, all crew recieve points, and the resupply budget is restored for each cargo crate delivered. The cargo crates are generally locked or nailed shut, with open cargo giving fewer points, and cargo with missing content giving no points at all. The cargo officer has the key to the crates.}
\par \pard\plain \s0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa86{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa86{\ul\ulc0\afs22\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\lang9
Agents:}
\par \pard\plain \s0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa86{\afs22\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\lang9
Each player has a different sponsoring organization every round. Occasionally, once the ship has left port, they will be called upon to perform some act of sabotage or espionage for their organization. If they succeed, they gain a large amount of points and an org-specific medal. If they are detained and escorted off the ship at the next port, the game considers them in a state similar to death, but with half respawn time. Their organization will deny any association with them.}
\par \pard\plain \s0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa86{\afs22\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\lang9
Confiscated secure cargo, documents or org-provided items will cause the mission to be worth less, as will the deaths of crewmembers as a direct result of agents. The causes of death must be well-tracked for this reason, as most \'93indirect\'94 methods of death are actually fairly direct, such as poison or arson. Kudos to anyone who manages to cause death too indirect to be tracked, unless it's an obvious bug.}
\par \pard\plain \s0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa86{\afs22\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\lang9
Once an agent is successful, they are no longer considered on an active mission, but may still be captured, and, if escorted off the ship, will be tied to their previous actions. Thus, stealthy approaches are critical unless their mission spans the round itself.}
\par \pard\plain \s0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\pagebb\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa86{\ul\ulc0\afs22\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\lang9
Combat:}
\par \pard\plain \s0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa86{\afs22\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\lang9
Direct combat is discouraged by the objectives, as security recieves points for detaining anyone who initiated unprovoked combat, doubly so if they were acting as an organization's agent. Thus, conflict must occur in strict secrecy, where it can be kept out of the eye of the crew at large. If combatants aren't caught, there is no penalty applied. Subject to change if people become RDMing idiots.}
\par \pard\plain \s0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa86{\afs22\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\lang9
Melee combat is initiated by entering combat mode and clicking another player with a melee weapon. From this, a semiautomated duel is initiated in which various factors dependent on gear, skill and environment come into play. Each time a player takes an attack and fails to strike, stamina is reduced. When they succeed, the opponent's health is reduced.}
\par \pard\plain \s0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa86{\afs22\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\lang9
Each time a player loses health or stamina in combat, their ability to continue fighting is determined by the amount they have.}
\par \pard\plain \s0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa86{\afs22\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\lang9
Health percentage is a flat probability, so fighting at anything short of full health carries the risk of sustaining a duel-ending blow. These are not usually lethal, but certainly prevent any kind of counterattack from taking place, and often hinder movement as well.}
\par \pard\plain \s0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa86{\afs22\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\lang9
A \'93saving throw\'94 on stamina causes the player to become exhausted, and is based on a guaranteed 30% + 70% * remaining stamina. Therefore, fighting with low stamina is better than fighting with low health, and battles of stamina continue for longer. This is good, because since most attacks will miss, stamina is usually the first to go. However, due to the way the saving probabilities work, it is still possible to lose even with a small fraction of your stamina gone. A stamina reduction not caused by the player's own exertion has a good chance of causing the player to lose consciousness.}
\par \pard\plain \s0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa86{\afs22\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\lang9
While in attack mode, player actions will be done on the topmost object or item, and will assume context. This makes it easier to engage enemies in a tactical manner using the environment without the risk of misclicks or a slugfest. Movement while in melee is slightly refactored so that the combatants are always within one tile of eachother. If a combatant advances into the opponent, it is treated as a variant of a normal attack. If successful, they will move to the opponent's former square and the opponent will be pushed back respectively. If they retreat, their opponent moves into their previous square. Movement and actions are delayed to be far slower than in normal play, allowing for more thought-through combat and less click spam. This takes combat experience and burden into account such that someone with training and a light weapon can move and attack more frequently.}
\par }